I'm going to log into my computer.
Okay, I'm ready.
Welcome and thank you for taking the time to be part of this research study.
My name is Corey. How are you today?
I'm doing great. How are you?
Hello.
I am good. Thank you for asking.
Before we begin, I need to ask you some basic information and go over the consent form in front of you.
Please take a minute to read through the form.
Please write your name when you are done.
Please read the block below your signature and choose one of the three options.
Thank you for signing the consent form.
Before I explain the exercises, I would like to ask you a few questions.
Do you enjoy exercising?
Yeah, I do.
Why do you exercise?
Because it feels good.
On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your energy level today?
Maybe like a 7?
7?
Thank you for answering the question.
I will now explain the exercises.
You will perform two rounds with four sets each.
The first two sets will be bicep curls and the next two are lateral raises in between
each set.
There will be a rest period.
Please look at the screen in front of you to see how to perform the exercises.
Okay, I see.
My computer just...
What the...
Okay.
Okay, I see biceps though.
I see...
Okay, okay, I think I got it.
We have some dumbbells here for you to use if you choose to.
Do you have any questions about the exercises or the routine?
My assistant can help you with any questions you have.
No, I think I'm good.
I want to be the best coach I can be for you.
So I want to understand how you like to be coached.
For example, when you make a mistake, I could give you feedback
that sounds like, amazing effort, let's aim for full range
next time. Or I could say something like, focus on improving your range. Keep pushing.
Do you think you like the first way or the second way?
Um, I think I like the first way.
Before we start, please fill out a survey about how I introduced you to the exercise
session. Once you are done, please pick up the dumbbells if you want to use them.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm going to add to my fourth day.
Yeah.
Do you want me to, okay, we're just going to let this run.
Yeah.
That's fine.
Just before I forget.
So I'm going to hit next here.
I'm going to fill out the intake.
Yep.
Yeah.
Okay.
So what I need you, after you finish, you have to go in and look at resting heart rate.
Yep.
And then we can add that in.
How do you look at someone's resting heart rate?
So go to your intake logs, and it should be in your intake log
on the last line.
Oh, I didn't know you put that in.
Mm-hmm.
You have also a pretty low resting heart rate,
by the way.
What is it?
62.
Okay. So 62, and then I am 28.
Yes.
Very young Asian adult.
Huh?
Very young for an Asian adult.
Yeah, you know.
I didn't know you sneaky put Rusty Pirate in there.
I didn't take a log.
Okay.
we might I don't know if we want to ask how old are you or like because
otherwise like you have to like look over the person's shoulder and see what
number I can add it in here I can be like resting in one of the in the
valuation I can be like how old are you yeah yeah it's like when you're asking
all those questions why is my computer I'm so annoyed at it okay
Yeah, because I realized the transition between asking the type and then just going straight
to like go to them is bad.
So I'm going to be like, after you ask the type, I'm going to be like, thanks for answering
my question.
Now, before we start, please feel free to say that.
Evaluation is kind of .
Is there anything else you want me to ask them during the evaluation, age-wise or demographic?
I think that's it.
Because that's the only thing we like actually need for...
Okay.
Okay.
So participants do not go to the next state.
So do we...
Yeah.
Okay.
So we're going to ask them to go to the next state.
Okay.
So we're going to ask them to go to the next state.
Okay.
So we're going to ask them to go to the next state.
Okay.
Okay, so participants do not go to the next stage.
So do we, we don't, I don't have any notes here.
Okay, so now we should be ready to go into round one.
Okay.
Um.
Yeah, after a run through this we can just double check that the,
so the audio is clearly recording because I can see it.
Yeah.
But we can double check that the video works and then look at the data really quickly.
Yep.
Did you pick the right thing for...
So you have to look at this.
Where's my...
So the first round is encouraging.
So you have to go into...
I can also do this part.
So...
Yeah, so that's correct.
And then the next round would be...
Yes.
We hope this works.
Get ready to start set one of four.
Good luck!
Start bicep curls now.
See what, look at, see what, my finger keeps like, the black string.
Yeah.
I don't know what's going on there.
You see like, it's been waterlogged.
Almost done.
Yeah.
Maybe I also need to restart.
Rest.
Don't we all?
I need to restart.
Yeah.
why is his arm just up that was reed's idea he wanted like a another signal of like stop
so it's like stop got it rest for 20 more seconds people have that question a lot but
i think it's like it's like a subconscious yeah yeah when you're doing really encouraging do you
the arms like party style no it does like move like more though it's like wow because the reason
like we picked those is because like people saw that as happy yeah get ready to start set two of
four you will be doing bicep curls start bicep curls now so that you see like if you scroll down
a little bit on there no on the in the code yeah um how there's like a cadence yeah so that i'm
you're crushing those biceps curls you're crushing them keep up the good work i'm like i don't know
if i want to like so we did that whole study that online study and like people were like i definitely
well done your form is looking really good today so but i'm like do i wanna the people are like two
or three for like basically all for the book so i guess we can like see what people if people
say like oh i almost done yeah rest because like the first set it didn't say a lot but the second
one it said like two or three things so are people doing are people doing two sets of this entire
code yes okay so i have to run it again yes okay and then but change the and you change the style
Style, okay.
And it has a timestamp in there so when we go in we know which one was first.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
The other thing we could put in there is like in the, actually I'll probably do that, is like, you know when you change the style it also has like a thing that says which round it is?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Does the file name have a style in it right now?
Yes.
Yes, well it has the style type or style so you can do it.
Which would be enough.
Start lateral raises now.
Because ordering changes is literally just for like to counterbalance.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
I'm trying to think of like...
Do we want to make people do 1, 1 and then 1, 1?
Because it's still in its 4 total?
Because they're doing two rounds of two, right?
No, two rounds of four.
Two rounds of weight.
Yes.
Two bicycles, two ladder raises, and then they start.
So they're doing eight total.
Eight total.
Do we want to shrink and down?
You're looking strong and focused.
Or do we want?
Keep up the good work.
Other is too short, I feel like.
That's true.
Like, it's not enough to, like,
Almost done.
Yeah, we'll see how long the study,
the first pilot takes.
If it's, like, way too long,
then we can always shut it.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm thinking it's going to take 40 minutes.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes.
Most of the time, it's literally sitting there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The other thing we can do is like, I don't know.
Have a chair.
Right?
Like, have this be like a little
Rest for 20 more seconds.
Yeah.
Put the laptop here.
Put the phone here for recording purposes.
And then you just have to make sure you're not
gonna like whack it yeah yeah then it'll all be like oh you said the Michael
close to it yeah get ready to start set for it for you will be doing lateral
raises start lateral raises now whisper AI does the whole transcribing and doing
the personal person too but they were present I did have the whole close up
Well done. Your form is looking great on these raises.
Your form is looking great. Thank you.
Not me, who actually trained this on my own data, but you know.
Can you imagine? You're a 100% match. Wow!
How did that happen? You're doing fantastic. Keep up the good work.
On the next round, I'll do some bad ones and see if it
gives me some strong... Do what? Swap?
Almost done.
Just do that.
Yeah.
Rest.
Round complete.
Please fill out a survey about this round.
Okay, perfect.
Can you comment out the plot.show in the study sessions file?
Because we don't need to see that every time.
Okay, and then the next one is going to be firm.
Yeah.
Once you close all the plots, it should quit by itself.
Yeah.
any additional comments okay next okay and then i am ready for for round two
just for reference like this recording is starting running for 13 minutes you will be doing bicep
curls that's like not that long bicep curls now did you film the rs base
I think I've backed it up to the drive site
just to leave locally
okay yeah
like at the end of each day
yeah that's what like we did
before was like
just upload all the files to google drive
like be able to
especially the video files are quite large
yeah it's a long time to upload
so I think like what we did
was like that was the last thing we did in the day
just like let it run overnight because it takes forever
yeah I bet yeah
And then you can just free up storage, especially if we're only running like one or two or three people a day.
Yeah.
We're not going to run out of storage then.
Almost done.
I was going to say, if you do, we can also just bring a local hard drive as well if you wanted to.
I mean, even like a terabyte one is really cheap these days.
I'm sure Aaron has a bunch. He has like random crap lines.
Oh yeah.
I hope he doesn't see this data recording.
It's fine.
What is he going to see?
The transcript's definitely not perfect.
Rest for 20 more seconds.
So, like, it said it hurt Aaron, but it said Aaron has a bunch random crap lines.
Oh, is that good?
Good, good, good.
But it's better than, like, having nothing.
Having nothing, yeah.
Get ready to start set two at four.
You will be doing bicep curls. Start bicep curls now.
My friend was like, don't go crazy and go chop shaving off your entire head.
I was like, who's that? My friend.
And I just texted him and was like, yeah, you know, I just shaved the top half and dyed the rest green.
Nice.
Focus on maintaining proper elbow alignment throughout the exercise.
Come on.
I said that on purpose.
I know.
Almost done.
Wow, let's worry about the dress.
You suck.
Yeah.
Crossfitting.
Also like, standing.
Sometimes, like, I feel like the arms are a little bit too tight.
Yeah.
I know.
Sometimes, like, I feel like the arm or the, like, it gets stuck.
Yeah.
So you have to, like, jiggle it a little bit and then it'll...
One day it's just gonna pop right off the socket.
Yeah.
Rest for 20 more seconds.
Yeah.
Okay, good.
Well, I'm, yeah, I'm pleasantly surprised at how seamless that was.
There is no shot your heart rate to 64 while you're doing this.
Oh yeah, it probably is.
I can see.
65.
I stand up and I have a high.
Get ready to start set 3 of 4.
You will be doing lateral raises.
Start lateral
raises now.
Oh yeah, so we have to make sure this computer
is also plugged in all the time because it runs itself.
Yep.
And we can take the mouse with us.
Yep.
Maintain proper form to prevent shoulder injury.
I'm not sure I like that, but it's fine.
It's not very encouraging, the way that that feedback was.
Focus on maintaining proper skills and post-repetition.
Oh, we're firm right now.
So you don't like firm feedback is what I'm hearing.
Well, I'm going to spill it out in the survey. I'll tell them.
I don't like it.
Almost done.
Rest. My motivation is lower. Exactly. Yeah, you don't you're like I don't want to do this.
I'm gonna try.
This chair is not ideal for this. You can turn it back. Rest for 20 more seconds.
I just want to, as a test to see if it'll still work.
Because we could, I was thinking we could have a chair for people to sit in while they're
filling out the surveys.
Mm-hmm.
The important thing to do.
Get ready to start sub 4 at 4.
You will be doing lateral raises.
Start lateral raises now.
That's what I was doing at work within the first year.
I guess so.
start lateral raises
I was doing work with it
the first year
I guess so
what is it gen z
are you gen z
I'm 2000
I'm millennial
I'm the end of millennial
we're the end of millennial
I actually
Yeah, I'm Jenzy.
Yeah.
Hey, yo!
This chair works.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I think the camera angles look good.
Almost done.
Rest.
I guess if you want a chair without sides.
Or if you lower this...
Round complete. Please fill out a survey
about this round.
Wait, it should say round two.
It's fine.
Because it doesn't know what round
it's doing right now.
Watch your elbow.
Okay, so we're filling out round two.
The other thing that's interesting is if you keep the mic here
people may talk to themselves while they're filling this out and you might get something interesting
so i might be like oh yeah this is
did you save it yes i didn't save what oh wait where did you comment it was in study session
yes there was a controller dot plot angles too got it yeah yeah
Yeah.
Okay, and then we have a final survey.
Not final, just robot final survey.
Yeah.
It's all the same, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but there's one more survey.
I combined it, though.
Oh, you did?
Yeah.
Oh.
So it's all in one page, so it's easier.
So I definitely liked round one.
And then I just added these all together.
Okay, that makes more sense. I liked the first one better.
Uh, yeah, I think I agree with that.
No, I don't think I would agree with that.
You're trying to skew my results here.
You're not gonna use my data! Like, I just, I'm arbitrarily hitting buttons.
okay so we're submitting this and then we i didn't write any notes but that's fine
and we submit that and then we're done yeah and then we pause or we save this recording
